What is your view on the role of being an employee at a tech company in cases where your product results in a user death? Is it feasible to update all closed bridges in real time? Whose (or what) responsibility was it for these deaths? What would you do in this situation to mitigate deaths going forward?

As a tech company, I would have implemented better update detection in my software. Similar to how Google Maps can sometimes show accidents, traffic etc, it could do the same in constructions, road changes, and so on. On the other hand, I would see this as a bonus beenfit that the software provides and not a responsibility. I do not believe it is Google's responsibility to keep track of every minor change; it is more of a respinsibility of the people governing the region and handling the construction and changes.

Your friend lives in a relatively wealthy neighborhood that happens to run somewhat parallel to the freeway. When freeway traffic is bad, Google Maps diverts traffic through their neighborhood (shorter time), which has resulted in some children getting injured by drivers who do not slow down, and has "changed the character" of the neighborhood. Your friend has gathered signatures from the majority of the neighborhood residents to stop this diversion through their neighborhood. A) Would you respect this petition? What if hundreds of thousands of such petitions come in? Would you respect it at scale? Would you do something else? B) Say you accept the petition. In a few sentences, describe how you might change this project's implementation to technically accommodate this petition.

A) Firstly, I think it depends on laws. Do those people own that neighborhood's roads or are they public property? If it's the former, it is a very reasonable take, as obviously random people should not be allowed there. On the other hand, if it's public property, I do not think it's reasonable for Google to manually try to remove these. Plus, this is very hard to balance at a larger scale, if every neighborhood in the world requests the same. B) I would just remove the nodes corresponding to that neihgborhood, or increase their weight, so that in general, less people are assigned through those roads.

As of November 12 2025, Waymo has expanded its self-driving taxi service to take to freeways. Would you trust riding in a Waymo on the freeway? Why or why not? What if, in a distant but near future, your Waymo gets routed on a collapsed bridge? What would you do in that scenario?

Currently, I do not trust Waymo's but if we have even better AI as well as more updated maps, I would trust it. As mentioned, as of right now, maps are not completely trustable, and I would imagine a Waymo to also have an accident by going through a collapsed bridge. On the other hand, in the future, with better map updates, this may be avoided. Or, it could be that the Waymo can react faster than a human would to such a scenario (say censors detect the collapsed bridge in real life without depending on the map), in which case a Waymo could actually be even safer.